Reading dataset files/samples.txt... 2071 pairs.
Loading model:  encoder_bi_512
3.498267650604248 secs used for  initalize predicter
vocab_size:  20004
-----------0---------
source:  DevOps Engineer Internet Engineering The Mobile Majority is a rapidly growing ad tech startup based in Santa Monica, CA, with offices in New York City, San Francisco, Chicago, Sao Paolo and Ho Chi Min City. We have been honored as the 'Best Creative Technology' by the American Association of Advertising Agencies and won 'Best Series A' By the Los Angeles Venture Association.We're hiring engineers to build an ad-serving, bidding, modeling and data infrastructure built using a mix of proprietary and open-source technologies. We're integrated with real time exchanges processing requests @ 200k QPS. We have over 1PB of data and growing fast. We're looking for those excited about working on tough problems related to scalable, reliable, available algorithms, machine learning &amp; software systems that scale.Our engineering team works with the latest and greatest technology to build next-generation technologies as a programmatic media-buying platform at big data scale.The Mobile Majority has a culture of engineering focused, data-driven decision-making, and demands business intelligence that is timely, accurate, and actionable. As a key member of a small and versatile team, you will be responsible to design, test, deploy and maintain software solutions. 

0.17752289772033691 secs used for  doing prediction
greedy:  Our ideal candidate possess the following skills and/or <UNK> degree in computer science or equivalent experience <UNK> in web application development. 5+ years experience in web software development.Experience with Django or #URL_b7bad8ac916069eadd573f035544c52dc3519a0ba054fb7ab1ff9ba3e1525399# is a plus. 

2.602311134338379 secs used for  doing prediction
beam:  Our ideal candidate possess the following skills and/or equivalent degree in Computer Science or equivalent practical experience with at least 3 years learning experience in a production environmentStrong organizational and administrative skillsDemonstrated ability to show initiative and accept ownership of projectsAbility to use problem-solving skills in order to resolve client issuesAbility to meet employer's attendance policyAbility to lift and/or move items weighing up to 50 pounds or the maximum allowed by current State Law with or without accommodationsAbility to sit, stand, and/or walk for long periods of time with or without accommodationsHighschool Diploma or Equivalent required 

ref:  Our ideal candidate possess the following skills and/or traits:A degree in computer science or equivalent degree.Proficiency with Linux / Unix and bash.Proficiency with a server management framework, preferably Chef.Proficiency in at least one scripting language besides bash (Ruby, Python, etc).Proficiency with Networking (VPNs, Firewalls, SSH access modes, etc.)Proficiency in deployment, optimization and maintenance of application services.Caching (memcache, Redis, etc.)Databases (MongoDB, PostgreSQL, Redis, etc.)Load Balancing (HAproxy, nginx, etc.) 

-----------1---------
source:  Backend Engineer Computer Games Information Technology At Space Ape we believe in making innovative, high quality games that are fun to play and even more fun with your friends. We believe in tempering those games with world class technology.  We believe that making a whole lot of people happy through great games is good.We are committed to building a company of world class engineering and world class game craftsmanship: A place where the best engineers love to work and the best game designers and developers love to create the future of play.Our culture is centered around empowerment, passion, commitment, and fun.  We’re a small team because we believe small teams can change the world.  And one day when we are bigger, we’ll be a bigger company full of small teams.We believe that happiness is important.  We strive to create a happy and productive working environment.  Our studio is, well, kick ass.We seek individuals who, in addition to being amazing engineers, also enjoy the other aspects of building a new company.  Designing features, making decisions, multi-stack programming, recruiting, finding users; you name it.   And foosball.But most of all, we are looking for extraordinarily talented engineers who share our love of technology and games.ResponsibilitiesTaking responsibility for server development in an agile team comprising front-end engineering, server engineering, devops, art, game design and QA engineering.Working with scala and various opensource frameworks, particularily dropwizard and AWS SDK to develop game features, middleware, common components and toolsTaking part in all aspects of the sprint life-cycle, from feature design and planning through implementation, launch and live operations supportCreating elegant, reusable code and unit testsWorking alongside other members of the team to help express technical concepts in a clear and accessible way 

0.30933117866516113 secs used for  doing prediction
greedy:  <UNK> We have good 5-7 years of experience in a server-side or mobile environmentMust be familiar with great <UNK> <UNK> ability to take over responsibility and to be a part of a great <UNK> experience in a production environment.Experience delivering video over the <UNK> <UNK> <UNK> <UNK> <UNK> <UNK> and presenting <UNK> to work <UNK> to both <UNK> <UNK> in working with the <UNK> <UNK> <UNK> 

4.237159252166748 secs used for  doing prediction
beam:  Are you a fit for Ookla?Are you self-motivated and capable of working with little or no supervision?Are you knowledgeable, talented, and imaginative enough to take on a project from beginning to end?Are you always driven to improve quality and effectiveness?Are you eager and excited to work with like-minded individuals?If you answered "yes" to all those questions, you might be a good driving record be accountable for your first steps you come to take on your recent tasks in a sales/business development environmentSolid background in designing interfaces with a variety of internet technologies.You can be a dedicated customer service oriented and enjoy talking to peopleYou must have excellent English speaking and writing skillsYou need to be flexible and able to deal with an ever changing environmentYou should be good a problem solving, able to take the initiative, be enthusiastic and have a positive attitudeAn interest in working in start ups 

ref:  Key requirementsExcellent server engineering skillsExperience programming in a highly concurrent environmentExperience and a passion for functional programmingExperience working in a client-server environmentExperience working in a Service Orientated ArchitectureExperience working with NoSQL systemsExperience working in a team building and supporting a product with a significant user baseExcellent communication skills and attitudeBonus points forHaving worked on a successful (&gt;1M MAU) free to play gameHaving built and launched a mobile game on iOS and AndroidHaving designed and developed an AWS based architecture with more than 100 serversHaving a reputation in the industry for excellence in creating / contributing to open source projectsHaving a working knowledge of AngularJSHaving a working knowledge of Unity3DBeing a world champion at foosballBeing a Samurai Siege fan 

-----------2---------
source:  Office Manager   Human Resources Here at Shyp, we’re building the #1 brand consumers and small businesses trust for shipping, and in the process, fundamentally disrupting a 220-year-old industry. We have an incredible team and are well funded by amazing investors. Join us!Overview:We’re looking for an organized and enthusiastic office manager to keep Shyp HQ running smoothly and be our company culture evangelist. This includes: creating a welcoming environment for employees and guests, facilities and vendor management, managing calendars, planning events (hikes? wine tasting? baseball games? you tell us!), onboarding new employees in a fun/engaging way, assisting with HR initiatives, maintaining a healthy office culture and anything else that will help Shyp be successful.  What you’ll do:Work with HR to design fun, engaging and memorable employee on-boarding processesWork closely with HR to rollout and provide office perks for employees that are in-line with our company valuesBe the first person to warmly greet visitors and assist them with their appointmentManage vendor relationships (catered lunches &amp; office snacks) and place orders related to office services and equipmentArrange and decorate the office to make it fun, functional and comfortable  Foster and maintain a clean and inviting office space including conference rooms, kitchen and common areas with support from the teamCoordinate events such as team outings, birthday celebrations, parties and milestone celebrationsMaintain a firm pulse on employee morale + keep executives informed accordingly 

0.4725611209869385 secs used for  doing prediction
greedy:  conference device experience using Microsoft Office, including Word, Excel, and <UNK> to work independently, taking initiative and ‘ownership’ of assignments or problems <UNK> - more years of health and continuous <UNK> experience of working in a corporate mission and organizational InternetA knowledge of Microsoft Office, especially Excel knowledge of space English language, Experience in Graphic Design and <UNK> knowledge of MS <UNK> with excellent attention to increase details (we're high quality products and work on the client sector as well as new-concept you’ll be overseeing a small level of English. We can't wait to work with a broad range of office <UNK> to work on tight deadlines without compromising <UNK> CS Suite (Photoshop, InDesign, Illustrator, Fireworks, Dreamweaver, etc)Excellent verbal and written communications skills. 

16.562338829040527 secs used for  doing prediction
beam:  What you’ll need:2+ years’ experience in space for this position will be highly appreciated.English - You have at least 5+ years of office administration experience preferred• Ability to work in an unstructured environment with limited supervision, where both initiative and judgment office plans and project management skills with the ability to multi-taskExcellent attention to detailMotivated with a positive attitude and ability to multi-task and problem solve larger ownership of people’s gain management will be able to explain and sell it to others.Pleasant at least 50% of the time. Go out and see lot's of potential clients.Licensed &amp; Windows based applicants applicants should have a solid understanding of how to analyze effectiveness, recreate successful campaigns, optimize websites and distill learnings for Brand and other members of the team effectively. while enhancing elegant, and written communication skillsStrong sense of urgency, exception communication skills, presentation, follow-up, negotiation and closing skills. Strong emphasis on the design and industry experience is essential. Proficiency in Microsoft Word and Excel in addition to basic computer knowledgeStrong organization and time management skillsStrong interpersonal skills. Strong ability to handle multiple tasks simultaneously and meet deadlines in a fast-paced, deadline-oriented environmentA hard-working team player who loves working in small teams and on professional products that can have a global impact to talk to High quality standards and work ethics Confidence to help your colleagues in difficult situations Fluency in English and German Availability in part time management Great communication skills and willingness to learn new technologies Ability to work as both technical and non-technical part of a team driving results oriented, able to handle multiple tasks in a fast-paced environmentStrong organizational and administrative skillsDemonstrated ability to work independently, as well as with team members.Solid experience/knowledge of farming/agricultural industryAbility to work in a complex and constantly changing environment.Ability to learn and be proficient in a fast-growing production environmentStrong organizational and administrative skillsDemonstrated ability to show initiative and accept ownership of projectsAbility to use problem-solving skills in order to resolve client issuesAbility to meet employer's attendance policyAbility to lift and/or move items weighing up to 50 pounds or the maximum allowed by current State Law with or without accommodations.Standing and/or walking for long periods of time with or without accommodationsPreferred Proficient in MS Office Suite a mustEffective communication skills; written, verbal and listeningThe standard hours for this position are:Monday Working with Web space - Must be able to travel at least 50% of the time. Go out and see lot's of Are you a dedicated customer service oriented and enjoy talking to peopleYou must have excellent English speaking and writing skillsYou need to be flexible and able to deal with an ever changing environmentYou should be good a problem solving, able to take the initiative, be enthusiastic and have a positive attitudeAn interest in working in start ups 

ref:  What you’ll need:2+ years of office administration and/or management experienceBA/BS preferredPositive attitude and flexibilityPrevious office management or similar experience in a space large enough for 30 to 70 employeesEager to gain experience at a startup, strong desire to assist others and take on additional responsibilitiesCreative problem solving skillsMust love working with people and enjoy supporting a teamTech savvy and ability to problem solve basic office IT issuesPassion for what we’re building at ShypAble to work weekends and holidays as needed 

-----------3---------
source:  Data Scientist Information Technology and Services Product Management Do you want to come and work on some big data challenges using whatever new technologies you consider best for the job? Be part of a small team in a very fast growing company with great colleagues and using all the best tools money can buy? Work in bright, centrally located offices in Shoreditch? (Old Street Roundabout).We're looking for a data scientist / statistician to join the team. We use technologies like SQL, Mongo, Hadoop, C#, .Net, Python, RabbitMQ, AWS and more. We're open to your ideas to solve problems faster and better. We're not building "another-#URL_744e4ea4bc34681b137c8ce0e900ee3afe9ef7a38423dd76a3acbf8f07821c56#", we're using technology to analyse masses of data and pinpoint solutions to tricky client problems specifically for search engine advertisers - think all the big companies on Google.You'll be working on the models and algorithms for our core service already used by some of the worlds biggest brands. You'll be helping us extend our product features in conjunction with product management and engineering. Get to know our patent-pending technologies and help extend them, scale them, beautify them. 

0.06655120849609375 secs used for  doing prediction
greedy:  You'll need to be smart, passionate and have at least 5+ years of experience in data analysis. Experience in a software development environment.An understanding of machine learning and applying to increase velocity and quality of potential products 

2.382202625274658 secs used for  doing prediction
beam:  You'll need to be smart, passionate and have at least 5+ years experience in analytics, statistics, mathematics or similar. We're a software product company so we love technology - so should you. You should like a new challenge every week and you should love getting things done. Importantly, you should have strong written and verbal communication skills – so you can explain your genius and you should love getting done. Importantly, you should have strong written and verbal communication skills – so you can explain your genius and you should love getting things done. Importantly, you should have strong written and verbal communication skills – so you can explain your genius to the layperson. 

ref:  You'll need to be smart, passionate and have at least 5+ years experience in analytics, statistics, mathematics or similar. We're a software product company so we love technology - so should you. You should like a new challenge every week and you should love getting things done. Importantly, you should have strong written and verbal communication skills – so you can explain your genius to the layperson. 

-----------4---------
source:  Collections Supervisor Financial Services Customer Service West Coast Service Center Collections SupervisorLas Vegas, NevadaTidewater Finance Company is located in Virginia Beach, VA and has opened a center in Las Vegas, Nevada to service our West Coast accounts as an extension of our main facility.  Tidewater Finance is an industry leader in indirect consumer specialty financing since 1992. We provide diverse lending solutions for our dealer network while promoting employee integrity, teamwork, and an uncompromised level of customer service.Requirements: Five years collection experience with at least 2 years in a leadership role. At least 2 years of automotive collection experience.College degree preferredStrong references from inside and outside industryStrong knowledge of West Coast compliance/collection regulationsUnderstanding of automated DialerResponsibilities:Orients, coaches, counsels, disciplines and evaluates performance of branch employeesExcellent written and verbal communication skillsPossess excellent leadership, team building and motivational skillsConducts weekly accounts reviews with Collectors as requiredSets branch objectives, monitors and appraises employee performanceCommunicates and enforces ethical business practices and compliance with laws and regulations of jurisdiction specifically finance and collections relatedAssist with development of a calling strategyEvaluates and recommends continuing professional education of Service Center personnelCustomer calls, talk-offs, escalated calls, and appropriate use of all collection toolsAccount reviews- Review customer accounts regularly to ensure quality performanceUpholds Tidewater’s Collections Code of Conduct at all timesParticipates in special projects or performs duties in other areas as requestedInterested applicants may submit your resume via e-mail to #EMAIL_169ac3804e2da6e0514e5ef76c29f157f41d80451b486889d9aa#PHONE_4dbd33c1dede3cec472e02df8f201e27aa330a9a201578720111c840de9d8117## or fax your resume to the Human Resources Department at #PHONE_8f86665c8a76d925f761287bb38d6bb5f440845f2a5fa712361f255943a8b21b#.Tidewater Finance Company is an equal opportunity employer in all aspects of employment without regard to race, age, sex, marital status, religion, disability, military status or any other characteristic or status protected by law.  Tidewater Finance Company includes Tidewater Motor Credit and Tidewater Credit Services. 

0.07252764701843262 secs used for  doing prediction
greedy:  Requirements: Five years collection experience with at least 2 years in a leadership role. At least 2 years of automotive collection experience.College degree preferredStrong references from inside and outside industryStrong knowledge of West Coast compliance/collection regulationsUnderstanding of automated Dialer 

2.6902518272399902 secs used for  doing prediction
beam:  Requirements: Five years collection experience with at least 2 years in a leadership role. At least 2 years of automotive collection experience.College degree preferredStrong references from inside and outside industryStrong knowledge of West Coast compliance/collection regulationsUnderstanding of automated payments through automated driving interpersonal skills with the ability to maintain a high level of professionalism and confidentiality while handling maintaining and evolving environment (7 and computer proficiency in email environments, MS Word/Excel or similar programsHigh School Diploma requiredRelevant industry specific certificates a plus (MQC, CMDSM, etc.)Lifting up to a maximum of 55lbs. or the maximum allowed by current State law with or without accommodationsAbility to stand, sit and/or walk for long periods of time with or without accommodationsMust have a valid driver's license and a good driving recordPreferred Qualifications:Bachelor's degree preferred 

ref:  Requirements: Five years collection experience with at least 2 years in a leadership role. At least 2 years of automotive collection experience.College degree preferredStrong references from inside and outside industryStrong knowledge of West Coast compliance/collection regulationsUnderstanding of automated Dialer 

-----------5---------
source:  Web Developer Computer Software   We are looking for enthusiastic people who are developers at heart. The candidate must enjoy solving problems in interesting ways, and have a clear overview of the technologies available to him or her.Our main goal is not recruit the "most experienced" programmer, but the programmer who is "most willing" to evolve, learn and accept new challenges 

0.20072627067565918 secs used for  doing prediction
greedy:  Your skills:University degree with minimum 8 years of experience in design &amp; development Experience with at least one of the following server side programming languages, in <UNK> experience with client side <UNK> knowledge of CSS ( if up to CSS3 then better)Good knowledge of the DOM and how to manipulate it properlyGood knowledge of client side Javascript (jQuery, et. al.)A good grasp of the limitatons between browsers and how to overcome themThe nice to haveKnowledge of at least one framework <UNK> Symfony, Yii, RoR, Django, etc). The Programming Language is not <UNK> introductory knowledge of <UNK> comfortable with the PHP <UNK> introductory knowledge of document databasesIf you are a *nix oriented user (yes OSX <UNK> It will be good if you have extensive knowledge in at least one more programming language 

7.77276349067688 secs used for  doing prediction
beam:  Please keep in mind that if you are called for an interview you will be tested on some or all of the following, in real-time. We will divide the following sections in order for you to be able to determine before hand if you have what it takes.The Basics (Mandatory)Excellent knowledge of object oriented programingKnowledge of the following three design patterns, MVC, Observer Pattern, Visitor PatternGood knowledge of database designThe Necessary (Also mandatory, a bit more lenient)Advanced knowledge of the Java programming languageExcellent knowledge of CSS ( if up to CSS3 then better)Good knowledge of the DOM and how to manipulate it properlyGood knowledge of client side Javascript (jQuery, et. al.)A good grasp of the limitatons between browsers and how to overcome themThe nice to haveKnowledge of at least one framework based on integrating Rails, Sinatra, your colleagues to client focused for us to read and understand easily.You can speak and write in terms that non-geeks can understand clearly, whether it to read and understand easily.You can speak and write in terms that non-geeks can understand clearly, whether it to read and understand easily.You ability to write and maintain code with an incremental opportunity to provide clear into it takes to ensure the highest quality, we write good knowledge of HTML &amp; CSS with the ability to transform your hands dirty with techy stuff and understand the concept of a variety of up to 55 pounds with or without accommodations or the maximum allowed by current stateSelf-starter and action orientedExcellent customer service skillsExcellent interpersonal skillsAbility to communicate clearly and concisely in person or over the telephoneExcellent clerical skills with evidence of building working with remote remote data via REST and JSONExperience with third-party libraries and APIsWorking knowledge of the general mobile landscape, architectures, trends, and emerging technologiesSolid understanding of the full mobile development life cycle 

ref:  Please keep in mind that if you are called for an interview you will be tested on some or all of the following, in real-time. We will divide the following sections in order for you to be able to determine before hand if you have what it takes.The Basics (Mandatory)Excellent knowledge of object oriented programingKnowledge of the following three design patterns, MVC, Observer Pattern, Visitor PatternGood knowledge of database designThe Necessary (Also mandatory, a bit more lenient)Advanced knowledge of the PHP programming language (including its OO counterpart)Excellent knowledge of CSS ( if up to CSS3 then better)Good knowledge of the DOM and how to manipulate it properlyGood knowledge of client side Javascript (jQuery, et. al.)A good grasp of the limitatons between browsers and how to overcome themThe nice to haveKnowledge of at least one framework (Symfony, Yii, RoR, Django, etc)An introductory knowledge of NodejsAn introductory knowledge of document databasesIf you are a *nix oriented user (yes OSX included)It will be good if you have extensive knowledge in at least one more programming language 

-----------6---------
source:  Executive Assistant Pharmaceuticals Administrative Growing pharmaceuticals company is looking for an Executive Assistant to assist with administrative tasks. This position reports directly to the Chief Operations Officer and will have the following responsibilities:Managing the day-to-day operations of the office.Planning and scheduling meetings and appointments.Producing information by transcribing, formatting, inputting, editing, retrieving, copying, and transmitting text, data, and graphics.Conserving executive's time by reading, researching, and routing correspondence; drafting letters and documents; collecting and analyzing information; initiating telecommunications.Maintaining executive's appointment schedule by planning and scheduling meetings, conferences, teleconferences, and travel.Managing projects and conducting research.Maintaining customer confidence and protecting operations by keeping information confidential.Preparing reports by collecting and analyzing information. 

0.06399822235107422 secs used for  doing prediction
greedy:  BA <UNK> <UNK> highly organized work style, and consistent follow-through.Excellent written and verbal communication skills.Able to handle sensitive information with confidentiality and <UNK> player with customer-service acumen.Flexible, creative and willing to do what it takes for team success. 

2.7474477291107178 secs used for  doing prediction
beam:  BA highly organized work style, and consistent follow-through.Excellent written and verbal communication skills.Able to handle sensitive information up to face-to-face and move items up to 55 pounds or maximum allowed by current State Law with or without accommodationStanding, walking, sitting for long periods of time with or without accommodationsHighschool Diploma or Equivalent required 

ref:  BA preferred.Strong attention-to-detail, highly organized work style, and consistent follow-through.Excellent written and verbal communication skills.Able to handle sensitive information with confidentiality and professionalism.Team player with customer-service acumen.Flexible, creative and willing to do what it takes for team success. 

-----------7---------
source:  Collections Supervisor Financial Services   Tidewater Finance Company is located in Virginia Beach, VA and has a full-time Collections Supervisor position available. Tidewater Finance is an industry leader in indirect consumer specialty financing since 1992. We provide diverse lending solutions for our dealer network while promoting employee integrity, teamwork, and an uncompromised level of customer service. Responsibilities:Orients, coaches, counsels, disciplines and evaluates performance of branch employeesExcellent written and verbal communication skillsPossess excellent leadership, team building and motivational skillsConducts weekly accounts reviews with Collectors as requiredSets branch objectives, monitors and appraises employee performanceCommunicates and enforces ethical business practices and compliance with laws and regulations of jurisdiction specifically finance and collections relatedAssist with development of a calling strategyEvaluates and recommends continuing professional education of Service Center personnelCustomer calls, talk-offs, escalated calls, and appropriate use of all collection toolsAccount reviews- Review customer accounts regularly to ensure quality performanceUpholds Tidewater’s Collections Code of Conduct at all timesParticipates in special projects or performs duties in other areas as requested  

0.05173611640930176 secs used for  doing prediction
greedy:  Requirements:Five years collection experience with at least 2 years in a leadership roleCollege degree preferredStrong references from inside and outside industryStrong knowledge of compliance/collection regulationsUnderstanding of automated Dialer 

1.921938180923462 secs used for  doing prediction
beam:  Requirements:Five years collection experience with at least 2 years in a leadership roleCollege degree preferredStrong references from inside and outside industryStrong knowledge of compliance/collection regulationsUnderstanding of automated systems, driving record requiredMinimum of 6 months customer service related experience requiredAbility to communicate both verbally and written with customers and company personnel requiredComputer proficiency in email environments, MS Word/Excel or similar programsHigh School Diploma requiredRelevant industry specific certificates a plus (MQC, CMDSM, etc.)Lifting up to a maximum of 55lbs. or the maximum allowed by current State law with or without accommodationsAbility to stand, sit and/or walk for long periods of time with or without accommodationsMust have a valid driver's license and a good driving recordPreferred Qualifications:Bachelor's degree preferred 

ref:  Requirements:Five years collection experience with at least 2 years in a leadership roleCollege degree preferredStrong references from inside and outside industryStrong knowledge of compliance/collection regulationsUnderstanding of automated Dialer 

-----------8---------
source:  Marketing Associate Information Technology and Services Marketing Infogram is the data visualization product that brings out the best in your data. Our infographics and charts are quick to use, fast to share, and easy on eye. Our customers range from small businesses to global media organizations, and we've been awarded multiple times during our short but fast-paced history.You are a marketing professional and you want to make your mark working with a fast-growing, international tech company. We are looking for energy, dedication and a startup attitude.Responsibilities include at least:managing tactical and highly targetted marketing campaignscoordinating and producing content for content marketing (using our own product, blog posts, videos, etc)creating marketing materials such as landing pages, copy textworking with the sales team to coordinate on leads 

0.0395197868347168 secs used for  doing prediction
greedy:  Ideal candidate will need <UNK> fluently bilingual <UNK> <UNK> 2-3 years of experience in online marketingbe an active in social media 

6.3398823738098145 secs used for  doing prediction
beam:  Ideal candidate will take charge and pride in your approach to growing fast paced, agile, adapt to changing priorities and deadlinesA passion to create a seamless and be measurable through great related experience B2B marketing programs/campaigns that vary in scope and complexity; previous experience of recent graduate who we can access to take responsibility and deliver on their own, pro-active and drive user experience.- Be ready to take the initiative, pick things up and run with it• Some experience with marketing and branding campaigns ROIAnalysis key metrics for each primary channel: CAC, LTV, payback and retention of customers by channel/corridorIdentify trends and provide suggestions for improving ROI and optimizing marketing mixCreate and implement marketing strategies and adapt tie branding strategies We have worked in a customer-facing role at an online company.You are willing and ready to chip in with marketing, content, sales and lead nurturing and lead management role requires participation in the candidate will education as well as direct marketing marketing marketing marketing, marketing campaigns, display email marketing, banner ad, or and creative process. - delivering actionable feedback and deliver on user acquisition and lead generationDemonstrated track record of success in executing projects and working in our companies or tech startup experienceExperience in creating pitches with new audiences and online marketingbe active in social media and have experience in online marketing and be able to display a competency in fast-paced science or creative agency background responsible, able to work independently and as part of a team. You will deliver great awareness of metrics and the growth of the business.You must have:2 years of relevant work experienceExcellent verbal and writing skillsHighly organizedTeam playerTechnically adeptEntrepreneurialSelf-motivatedConsultativeAbility to learn 

ref:  Ideal candidate would:be fluently bilingual (English/Spanish preferred)have 2-3 years of experience in online marketingbe an active user of web and mobile productsunderstand SEO, keyword advertising, and content marketingbe active in social media and have experience in using it for business goalsproduce great written contentbe a fast learner 

-----------9---------
source:  Controller Apparel & Fashion Accounting/Auditing Our client is looking for a Seasoned Controller.  The position will report directly to the VP of Finance.  Primary responsibilities will include effectively leading and motivating the accounting team, managing the day to day accounting activities of the division, and maintaining appropriate internal controls and relationships with external auditors. In addition, the division controller will serve as a key support member of the senior executive team partnering with the team to successfully lead and profitably grow the business.ResponsibilitiesDevelop and maintain appropriate internal controls to ensure the accuracy and integrity of financial and management reports for executive management and the Board of DirectorsActively participate in the companys aggressive expansion planActively participate in all financial accounting and budget operationsMaintain and document system of accounting policies and proceduresWork with external auditors for a timely and efficient annual financial auditOversee period close, AR and AP operationsManage a team of 10 plusManage employee performance and developmentWorking capital managementPrepares/reviews journal entries, and Balance Sheet reconciliationsMaintain relationship with credit facilities and bank(s)Initiate process improvement projects and program initiatives 

0.06759285926818848 secs used for  doing prediction
greedy:  Education: Bachelor’s degree in accounting. CPA preferred.Experience: Minimum 7-10 years accounting/finance experience with at least 3 years financial audit experienceMulti unit retail experience preferred.Supervisory experience required.Extensive knowledge of financial and business systems required.Experience managing revenues upward of <UNK> 

4.9927873611450195 secs used for  doing prediction
beam:  Education: Bachelor’s degree in accounting. CPA preferred.Experience: Minimum 7-10 years accounting/finance experience with at least 3 years financial audit experienceMulti unit retail experience preferred.Supervisory experience required.Extensive knowledge of financial and business systems required.Experience managing revenues upward accounting experience with books showing $10 million in revenues monthly.Biotech, pharmaceutical, and high-tech industry experience beneficial.Knowledge of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and ensuring reminders are passionate about digital, online, and social media Good communication skills both face to face and results degree of intellectual knowledge of 3 years’ experience with books showing $10 million in revenues monthly.Biotech, pharmaceutical, and high-tech industry experience beneficial.Knowledge of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and implementing accounting experience with books showing $10 million in revenues monthly.Biotech, pharmaceutical, and high-tech industry experience beneficial.Knowledge of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and ensuring reminders are passionate about digital, online, and social media Good communication skills both face to face and results To be able to take the initiative, be enthusiastic and have a positive attitudeAn interest in working in start ups 

ref:  Education: Bachelor’s degree in accounting. CPA preferred.Experience: Minimum 7-10 years accounting/finance experience with at least 3 years financial audit experienceMulti unit retail experience preferred.Supervisory experience required.Extensive knowledge of financial and business systems required.Experience managing revenues upward of $150MM 

